The phrase that reality sometimes surpasses
fiction is more evident than
ever in this video, and you're going to be
amazed by this story.  This
story is causing a lot of talk
because there is also a division of
opinions.  You know that when there are
issues like this, it creates a bit of
tension.  And aside from the fact that
several documentaries have been released about this
event, it's important to
acknowledge that it's one of the
most disturbing cases in recent times.
A case that has divided opinions,
generating theories and feelings, and
even sowing the seed of doubt
in everyone who has heard it.  She is
a girl or an adult woman.  The Barnets
believe the adoption was a scam.   They
claim they were tricked into adopting
an adult woman.   She
is evil.  I assure you that in 5
years someone will die.  What are you reading?
The Bible.  Because?  To get rid of
these bad thoughts.   He
threatened to stab my children,
drag their bodies and bury them under
the porch.  What's up, my kids?
Welcome to the channel once again.  I'm
Javi Oliveira.  If you didn't know me and you
came across this video by chance, I
invite you to subscribe because here
we discuss all the viral topics,
all the news from the heart, and things as
interesting and disturbing as this one.
Subscribe, it's completely free,
share, like, and all that
stuff, okay?  so you don't miss anything I
upload.  What I'm going to tell you
is not just the story of an
adopted girl, because we don't even
know if she was a girl or not.  It's the
story of someone who, for some, is a
victim and for others, an executioner, as well as
a true impostor.  This
story begins in 2010 when
Michael Barnet and his wife Christine, a
couple from Indiana, adopted a
Ukrainian girl named Natalia Grace.
According to the documents, Natalia would have been
6 years old at that time.  And I say according to
the documents, because at least that's what
the paperwork said.  Before
Natalia's arrival, we had been married for
about 15 years.  It was, without a doubt, the best
moment of our marriage.  We were
so happy and comfortable that at one point we
started talking about having
room for someone else in our
lives.  We were going to adopt a girl from
Haiti named Gilberta and shortly after
the terrible Haiti earthquake occurred.
Suddenly, our hopes were
dashed because Haiti shut down all
out-of-country adoptions.  So
we were ready to adopt, but we
missed our chance and out of the
blue we got a call from a
Florida adoption agency, Adoption by
Shepard
Care.  They told us, "We know you, we've
seen your home studio, and we
know you have a
charity for children with
special needs. You've been
doing this for a decade, and we think you'd be
the perfect family for a little girl who will
soon be with us. She's a
little person; she has dwarfism. The
problem is you only have 24 hours
to decide. If you don't come pick her up
by Monday, she'll go straight to a
foster home. Cristine and I took it
almost as a sign from God."
Michael Barnet himself comments in several
interviews that from the moment they began the
adoption process, the whole thing was
very strange. From the place where it was
done to the way of contacting them. They
signed the adoption in a kind of
house they had temporarily converted into an office
next to a
supermarket, well, an abandoned shopping center
, an area somewhat far from
the center of the city they
traveled to, Miami, to be the one that
looked like anything but a place
where adoptions were done.  Aside from
that, Michael found it very strange
that they called him specifically to
offer him an adoption and that everything
happened so quickly, in such an
easy way, and that according to the company that
handled this adoption, they weren't
given the option to find out about
Natalia's past.  You must understand that
since this was a closed adoption, the
adoption agency was not willing to
share any details of the
child's previous life.  They gave us two
photos and a birth certificate in
Ukrainian.  And he was supposedly born
on September 4, 2003. We were all
excited up to this point.  Despite
this, the Barnets were very
excited about the adoption, as they
had a son close in age who
would be able to have a sister to
play with and share life's moments with.
She had brown eyes and
chubby cheeks that bulged when
she smiled.
I remember how his
hands were articulated differently than
ours because of his dwarfism.  Her fingers
were a little bent like this, but I was
so glad the day
I met her.  The fun times
I remember with Natalia are more or less from
that first week when we were in
Florida.
We went to Disney World with her and
we were all delighted to have her in
the family.  She also seemed very
happy to be with
us.  I remember being able to talk to
her the same way I could talk to the rest
of my family.  He didn't repress any
feeling, any
thought.  I don't remember any
feeling of discomfort.
But what initially seemed like a
dream come true for the Barnet family
soon began to turn into a
real nightmare.  It all starts on a
trip to Disney World, a trip and a
moment that should be magical for
any family.  When Cristine, the
adoptive mother, made a
rather disturbing discovery about the girl, she noticed
something in the girl that didn't fit at
all and would be the first spark that
would ignite suspicions.  That night
we returned to the hotel and Cristine went to bathe
our new daughter, but suddenly I heard
a scream from the
bathroom.  I was like, "This isn't a joke. Come here
right now, Michael."
I got up, ran to the bathroom, and
found her completely pale. It was like I
'd seen a
ghost. I was quite scared and didn't
know what I was seeing or what was
happening. She said, "Michael, Michael,
look downstairs." Then I saw that Natalia
had the entire
public beauty. I didn't know what to think. Was that
possible? Was it
possible? Who was that
person? Can a 6-year-old have a
full public beauty? I don't know. Google
said the earliest it usually
appears is around 8. So we
just decided to show love and
compassion to a little girl who had never
experienced those things. That wasn't going
to make any difference. I have to
pause here to tell you
a little bit about the condition that
Natalia has. Natalia Grey has a
condition that in the documentary,
well, in some of them they've
simplified it as dwarfism, and it's not
simply dwarfism as such. In fact,
allow me, and excuse me for reading the screen,
but it's a little  tongue twister, has a
fairly rare medical condition
called
spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita.
Surely some doctor in the room
can mention and pronounce it better
than I can.  I don't even want to imagine the
word in English, much less in
Ukrainian, but it's a form of
bone dwarfism, according to what I've been researching before
recording this video to understand a
little about what it was all about.  Well, what he
has is that he has
growth problems, the spine, uh,
all of this causes some deformities
that not only affect the spine
itself, but also usually cause
problems in the joints.  And there's
one characteristic that has really caught my
attention and that I
wanted to mention to you because it's very
relevant to what we're talking about in
this case, is that apart from the issue of
short stature, right?, and those
physical characteristics, there are conditions
in which they are confusing, right?, Uh, because it
makes a person not look their age
, I mean, uh, it can confuse you,
it can make a person appear old when
in reality they're not old or well,
older, okay?  I mean, cheating is old
, sorry.  But it can also
make a person appear
younger than they really are.  That is, it's a
person who has a
different physical condition than the average person, and that
creates confusion. They can't
fool you about age up and
down.  This disease, plus the
Barnets' discovery, led to a
series of catastrophic discoveries,
an adoption that went on to have one plot
tweet after another constantly.  After
that discovery that I just
showed you, right? And that I just
told you about, another one came that was a bit
stronger, right?  And they realized
that the supposed girl, despite being 6
years old, began to have what we call
here in Spain the period.  And Natalia
said, "I already have my
period and I've hidden it from you because I don't
want you to
know."  I asked her, "And how do you do it,
Natalia?"
Natalia said she'll
eat it.  He said that when he goes to the bathroom and sees
something, he wipes his legs with his
hands, licks them, and swallows it all.   He
always does the same thing so that no one
notices.  Let's see, this issue of hair
and rules.  I think that if there
is also a physical and medical condition that
can alter hormones, it probably
won't, and there are many questions, right?  I'm not a
doctor, but I think so, right?  I think, I
mean, I think it can happen that
people have pubic hair before their
time and that women, girls,
have a premature period or even
lose their period
very prematurely as well.  I mean, it's not
common, but I understand that even if it's
something that really catches your attention, it
's not something definitive.  Correct me
if I'm wrong in the
comments box, but it sounds like it is.  It
seems to me that people, because of
special physical conditions or some
disorders or physical problems and so on,
right?, illnesses, can
develop body hair, right?
Beautiful audience in this case, eh, even
in girls the issue of the period.  I
mean, I think so, I think this, well, it
might catch your attention and
surprise you, but I don't think this is something
significant, right?  Or at least
definitive.  What happens is that later,
according to what the Barnets say, okay?,
then she denies it, she's going to deny it.
They began to experience a
series of rather
disturbing behaviors with this girl.  When we talk about
disruptive behavior, we're talking
about the girl setting up
traps with sharp objects around the house
to try to harm other
family members.  They claim that Natalia even
tried to push her
adoptive mother against an
electric fence on one occasion.  They also, for example,
mention one night when they woke up
in the middle of the night and saw the
girl standing at the foot of the bed
staring at them.  And even attempts
at poisoning by Natalia,
that is, she took
cleaning products and poured it on him like it was in coffee.
Um, kind of, [ __ ], forgive me for
the joke, forgive me for the joke,
but it's bouncing, right?  A
kind of chuqui, right?  That is, the
girl became the
devil's doll.
The first time Natalia ended up in the
stress center was because of the incident with
the cleaner at the cafe.   It
was in the
morning.  Natalia was in a very good mood
that
day.  She asked Christine if she would
like her to help her clean the
kitchen.  Kristin said, "Yes,
absolutely."  Natalia climbed onto a
stool and began rinsing the dishes
in the sink.  I was a couple of
rooms away.  Cristine went to another
room at one point and left a cup
of coffee on the
counter.  Natalia poured cleaner into
Cristine's coffee cup when she came back to check on
Natalia.
Cristine drank from the cup and immediately
noticed the
cleaner.  I heard
screams.  I ran towards
them.  Cristine yelled at Natalia,
"You were the one who put this in my coffee."
And Natalia said yes.  Cristine yelled
at Natalia, "Why did you do it?"
Natalia yelled at him, "Because I want to
kill you."
And well, it's not just a
joke, it's that the girl acted
perfectly, just like any
horror movie script.  When the girl
drew, she also used to draw
horror things related to
death, violence, mutilations, which
supposedly, according to the
family, right? She claimed that she would
cause harm to her family at some point.
Cristine also mentions in these
interviews that Natalia used to brush
walls with blood from her
menstrual cycles.  Look, and this isn't just
disturbing, this is
also dirty.  How disgusting,
I mean, how disgusting and what a stench that I had to
leave that in the house, right?  For all
this I'm telling you in a
very brief way, okay?  Because if
you really like this video and are interested in it and
want to learn more about it, we'll leave
comments and turn it into a
series on the channel.  I'll probably make more
videos where we'll also cover
any updates that come
out.  He used his open hand to
hit her.  When Cristine's arms and fists
grew tired, she began using her
forearms and
elbows until Cristine could no longer
do so.   I
didn't know what to
do.  I froze.  I know.
I have a potentially sociopathic con artist
and my wife, the mother of my
children.  And there was no way out of
it.  I didn't know,
honestly, I didn't know what to do.  The
Barnets concluded that
Natalia was not a child and that her age was
probably closer to 22.
They even got a judge to
legally change
Natalia's birth registration in 2012 to 1989
instead of 2003 as it originally was.
As I said, I'm just summarizing the topic,
but if you want us to go into more
depth, we'll look at the
legal intricacies, because I understand that the judge,
in order to make this determination, would
also have documentation,
clues, and a series of pieces of evidence, right?  I
mean, if this was done
legally, I understand the judge must have
made a decision about it.  Once they
managed to change this record and
the girl went from being 9 years old to 22, the
adoptive parents rented Natalia
an apartment in La Fayet, in
Indiana, and they left, they moved, they
moved to Canada with the excuse that their
son was studying there.
Personally, at this point in the
story, I think they said, "It's
legal now, there's no crime of abandonment
here because she's an adult."
On top of that, we're paying the rent, we
're paying the house, they
took it out of the way, left it there alone
and ran away, scared away.  I mean, it
was basically the perfect plan, right?
To escape.  The neighbors of the complex
where Natalia was left living
were observing very strange things
about her.  Of course, right?
I'm watching it, I don't live there.  They claimed
that they saw her confused, lost, and
some brought her food.  There were people
who genuinely thought she was
an abandoned child, and many people
considered the possibility that it
was all a plan by the Barnets to
get rid of the child.  And
several specialists claim that
Natalia is indeed a girl and that the Barnets
faked the whole thing because for whatever
reason they regretted the adoption
due to the complications and
responsibilities that come with taking
care of a girl with these qualities,
right?  With these
special characteristics and all this nonsense about
shady things and all this terror, all
this that seems like the movie of the
evil doll and that on top of that they were also
reporting that they had passed off an
adult person as if she were a
child, well, it would be nothing more than a
strategic plan by the Barnets to
get rid of her.
Medical experts tell the
Barnets that Natalia is a girl, but that
doesn't fit into the plan.  The problem is that
Cristine needs Natalia to say she
's an adult to get rid of her.
So, according to Michael and Natalia,
Cristn beats
Natalia severely until she breaks her
will and Natalia fully agrees to go
along with the plan of telling people she
's an adult.
Some time later, Natalia came out to
deny these statements
made by her adoptive parents.  began
denying the issue of the
menstrual cycle.  That's downright
disgusting.  It's crazy.   I'm
going to tell you what
happened.  I was 7 years old and suddenly Cristine
tried to convince me that I
was having my period at that moment.
Cristine literally told me I had my
period and then forced me to put in
a tampon.
But I told him I can't
, I can't do it, it
hurts.  But Cristine kept telling me I
had to put it in.  She
forced me, but I
couldn't.  And she got angry.  I remember that.   I
remember Cristine getting mad because I
couldn't do it.  So when I
finally got it out, it was full of
blood because I
was 7 and wasn't supposed to
use a tampon.
And she said to me, "See, you got your
period."  And I couldn't say anything about
it
myself.  And that hurt me
too much and I was scared.
Even the whole thing about attempted
murders and things like that.   It
's not true.
None of that is true.  By that time,
Cristine had been beating me up for months, and
then everyone thinks I'm some
crazy person who wants to poison their
breakfast coffee or their drink or
whatever.  I'm not like
that.  I think Cristine just wanted to
find an excuse to say I
was crazy.
The story of what happened is very
different.  I was helping Cristina
clean the kitchen.  It was one of those
good
days and she had some table cleaner,
she would spray it on and I would wipe it down
.  She was gone for a
second.  I noticed a spot that needed a
little more, so I moved the chair, climbed on
it, moved her
coffee cup, sprayed the table, and while I was
wiping it down, Cristine came back in and
said, "What's the roast in my coffee?"  I told him
nothing.  Anyone could look at that coffee and
see that it had nothing in it.   He
threw away the
coffee, refilled it, went to get
his camera and made me
do it.  I told him I hadn't
done it and he said, "You're lying, do it."
Then he grabbed my hand and made me
sprinkle it in the coffee.
On the one hand, we have the dentist who was in
charge of seeing Natalia, and this
dentist supports the Barnets' version.
This dentist comments that Natalia had
some attitudes that were not part of
how children normally behave
.  I'm the dentist that Natalia
Barnet and her mother came to see in
2011. Mrs. Barnet brought her daughter and
said, "We have a question about
Natalia's age. We think she might be
older than she says she is. Is there any
way we can find out?" Which I thought was
a rather
unusual question. Talking to Natalia, she looked about
7, but she acted
much older. She answered
questions very fluently, and that
's not something you see often. So I
thought, "This girl can't be 7.
" And I can understand why her mother
thought that because when you were talking to her, she
seemed very mature.
With all the controversy and the
media coverage,
things about Natalia's past started to leak out,
which I've told you before
seemed to be
kept secret from the family at first once they
adopted her. And it seems that Natalia has
had a few
families try to adopt her before, but
for whatever reason, and it's not because of issues
bureaucratic or anything like that, they
ended up returning it.  In fact, there are
some testimonies from one of the families she
had for a very short time who stated
that Natalia had strange,
aggressive, and manipulative behaviors, and they also
agree with the Barnets who were
suspicious of the age they said she
was.  By the way,
some episodes that happened
while she was living alone in the house
where they left her
when they went to Canada also came to light.  And
apparently there were some rather disturbing episodes as well
.  Natalia gained
confidence with a neighbor, an
adult neighbor with a disability.  And
this neighbor's family ended up saying
that Natalia had had some
inappropriate episodes with him.  Also
other things like Natalia appearing
with a bloody mouth and it was discovered
that it could be because Natalia bit
herself.  strange behaviors
like looking out the window at
all hours, hanging around
the Calsa building and just over
a year ago in a new turn of
events, in which Natalia
is defending her version, right?
A laboratory has emerged that is dedicated to
determining a person's real age.
They decided to agree with
Natalia's version, that she is
currently around 2022 years old.  Thank you
for coming to the lab.  Would you like to take
a look at the results?  Yes.
Very
well, the moment of truth has arrived.
OK?
Considering all the studies
and analyses we've done on you, you're
close to
22. What's roughly what you
thought?  You told us you must be about
20 years old.  There is a difference of 2
years.
This
paper debunks every single
lie the Barnets have told.  I have to
say that these tests, this
report from this laboratory, have not
been presented until the moment
I am recording this video in any
judicial manner, in any type of registry or
anything to change the age.  We have to
remember that Natalia is currently at
an age that was
determined when she was adopted.   There
is no procedure
currently known where
this report has been used, therefore, I
question it because it is a media issue for
me right now and it is a
laboratory, well, that is basically
pre-editing this, let's say, on its part.   He
could even be simply
hired for the documentary or for or
she has paid him and told him to write
a report saying that, right?
Regarding her family life, after
the Barnet family abandoned her, Natalia
had another family, the Mans family, who
made the decision to adopt her.  This
family had a very
religious lifestyle and they approached Natalia,
they did everything they could to adopt her
when they found out Natalia was
alone.  Of course, many rumors later surfaced
that this family mistreated
Natalia, for example, locking her in
a room, hitting her with a
belt, and punishing her in very
serious ways.  Accusations that, despite their
seriousness, have been denied by
the Manz family.  With the help of her boyfriend
Neil, whom she met on Facebook, she
managed to connect with Nicole de
Paul, a 49-year-old woman who was no
stranger to her life.  And it seems that
Nicole had already tried to
adopt Natalia on other occasions in the past,
but she had never been allowed to for
reasons that are
unknown.  Better do this
quickly.  Hi driver my Hi.  Hi.  Hi.  I
knowing out.  You
ok?  It's ok.  I know.  It's really hard.  I
know.  You need
help?  Oh my god.  Oh my go.  Oh
my god.
So around here I think we would have
the whole context of this story.  I do
n't think I've left anything out, but if you come
up with anything interesting that you'd like us to
cover in more depth in a
next video, and if you're interested in the
topic, let me know in the
comments section. Basically, it
seems like a very strange story to me.  I mean,
people are crazy, aren't they?
You find a little bit of everything in the world and I
really don't know what to think.  I don't know what
you think, but the truth is I
have doubts.  Well, on the one hand, there's the
story that this family made
up all this nonsense because they didn't
want to take care of this chick because of her
condition, right?  The
disability he has and the position it
entailed.  The truth is, it makes me
crazy to think that someone would force you to
adopt a supposedly little girl, and that she
's not a little girl, but an adult,
and they've shoehorned her in,
right?  But then on the other hand, there's
Natalia's version, which, well, doesn't really
provide much evidence either.  I
mean, Natalia, in the end, what she contributes is,
up until now, the only thing that's in her
favor, right?  It's good logic, isn't it?
Fabulous, isn't it?  The exceptional thing about the
story told by her
adoptive parents and the issue of the report that
determines her real age, which
supposedly would fit with the fact that she
was a girl at the time of her
adoption and the Barners had
contrived
to leave her abandoned in a
house.  But we're talking about a
report from a party that hasn't been released until the moment
I'm recording this video,
I'm telling you, and so far no
documentary has come out that says otherwise, since
no legal case has been used
, simply at the
documentary level, at the media level.
Another documentary has recently been released
on the Max platform and the
topic is going viral.  Tell me what you
think, I'll be happy to read you in
the comments box.  Remember that
we are here every day.  We're
also live every day on my
secondary channel, talking about gossip,
and also about
celebrity gossip on my Telesalseo channel.  I'm
reading you, sending you a big kiss, and until
the next video, handsome.